# Diversity and Inclusion in a Global Enterprise

https://www.linkedin.com/learning/diversity-and-inclusion-in-a-global-enterprise

Mostly focused on starting a global diversity scheme.  Even so, not
really very good.  Rather fluffy.  [The other
one](https://www.linkedin.com/learning/diversity-inclusion-and-belonging)
is much better.

## The business case for diversity

Diversity is a business imperative.  The successful companies of the
future will be global companies.

Diversity increases company's ability ot capture new markets.

A scenario in which women achieved complete gender parity could
increase global output by more than 25%.

Diverse perspectives bring new ways of thinking.

Female representation in top management of the S&P 1500 over 14 years
led to an increase in financial performance equating to 42 million
dollars of firm value [Doesn't sound very much!  Must be billions, at
least.].

## What is diversity and inclusion?

Diversity: increasing the number of underrepresented groups in your
organisation.

Inclusion: When people of all backgrounds feel like they can
contribute to the organisation as their authentic selves.  It has two
parts: belongingness and uniqueness.

Diversity is getting the right people in the door, and inclusion is
welcoming them, allowing them to be themselves, and as a result,
keeping them there.

## Diversity and inclusion efforts

Increase the breadth of recruiting efforts to get a more diverse
talent pool.

Look for ways to reduce bias in the selection process.  NB an
identical resume with a white male name is more likely to get a call
back and garners a higher starting salary than the exact same resume
with a woman or minority name.

## Diversity and inclusion interventions

Remove institutional biases that make it difficult for women to
compete in the workplace

Use a diverse and interdisciplinary task force to solve an
organisational issue.

## Establish accountability

Hold people accountable to reaching diversity goals, e.g. every time a
while male is hired into the company the hiring manage would have to
justify why a woman or minority applicant was not hired, every
finalist slate had at least two women or minorities.

## Create a global diversity strategy

* Figure out why

* Determine who is included

* Decide how you're going to do it

Why?  To increase innovation, because it's the right thing to do?

1. Moral argument

2. Compliance with the law

3. Dealing with talent shortages

4. Mirroring the customer base

5. Diversity of thought

If you want to create a global diversity strategy, first start by
figuring out the heart of why you're promoting diversity and who
you're trying to serve.  Only then come up with how you will meet that
vision.

## Uncover the reasons for diversity

* Moral argument: focuses on creating equality for groups that have
  been historically disadvantaged.

* Complying with the law: in the US, using quotas as a way of
  increasing the hiring of women and minorities is illegal.

* Talent shortages

* Mirror the customer base: consider the customers you are serving in
  each area.  When people have different perspectives, they're able to
  mitigate groupthink and come up with creative, innovative and even
  more accurate solutions.

It's essential that your company articulates your reasons for caring
about diversity so that you can appropriately adapt that to a global
context.

## Example of a diversity strategy

"CIA's success in achieving its national security mission depends on
its ability to cr eate a diverse and inclusive environment where all
perspectives are heard, respected and valued."

1. Weave diversity throughout the talent cycle (selection, retention,
promotion).

2. Publicly state that they want to become an employer of choice
because of their excellence around diversity.

3. Seek to increase the diversity of leadership in their organisation.

## Create a localised strategy

Hire talent from the host country first.

## How to use benchmarks

Set specific numeric goals for diversity and hold people accountable
to these goals.

* Examine the population

* Benchmark against college degrees

## Recruitment and selection

You need to cast a wider net to get a diverse slate of candidates.
Job ads can be written in a way that is more or less appealing to
women versus men.

For example "come work in a fast-paced competitive environment" is
coded as masculine.

Actively recruit talent from underrepresented groups.

Remove unconscious bias.  Remove identifying information from the
applications.  Have diverse slates.

## Add inclusion to the organisation

Have a culture of inclusion within the organisation.  People need to
feel that they belong and also that their uniqueness is valued.

Tell people "we want to hear from you".  Be supportive when they
contribute.

## Training

Expatriate cultural training is one of the most essential steps to
ensuring that overseas assignments are successful.

## How to measure diversity program success

It is really important that your diverse employees don't face bias.

Define criteria up front before choosing candidates for promotion.

## The cultural landscape

Summaries of the state of diversity and inclusion in different major
countries.

Unquotable quote: "60% of the world's 4.3 billion people live in
Asia".  Presumably "60% of the world, 4.3 billion people, live in
Asia.".
